Start:
1. The user runs the program and the gui main screen appears.

Viewing items:
1. The scroll pane will appear blank on a fresh start until the user clicks on one of the buttons mentioned below.
2. To view the list of all items(expired or not expired) the user clicks on "All items".
3. To view the list of all expired items the user clicks on "Expired items".
4. To view the list of all non-expired items the user clicks on "Non-expired items".
5. To view the list of all expired items the user clicks on "Items expiring in 7 days".
6. When any of the above mentioned button is clicked the main scroll pane is updated with requested list of items.

Adding a new item:
1. To add a new item the user clicks on "Add item".
2. A new dialog screen pops up asking for the details of the item.
    2.1 The dialog screen is updated depending on the type of consumable selected (Food item or Drink item).
3. Once the details have been entered the user clicks on "Add new item"
4. If the user has entered wrong information such as: blank name, price and/or weight/volume, a popup message occurs
   telling the user that the inputs are invalid. The user can try again by clicking "OK".
5. If the details are valid a new item is added and the main screen outputs the updated list of items.
6. The dialog screen remains open to make multiple addition of items easy, without needing to clcik on "Add item" everytime.
7. The user can click on "Cancel" or the dialog cross button to cancel the process at any time.

Removing an item:
1. To remove an item the user clicks on "Remove item"
3. The main screen updates to show the list of all items to make it easy for the user to choose which item needs to be removed.
2. A new dialog screen pops up asking for the index of the item.
3. Once the index has been entered the user clicks on "Remove"
4. If the user enters an invalid or out of bounds index, a popup message appears telling the user that the input is invalid,
   the user can try again by clicking "OK".
5. If the index is valid the item is removed and the main screen outputs the updated list of items.
6. The dialog screen remains open to make multiple removal of items easy, without needing to clcik on "Remove item" everytime.
7. The user can click on the dialog cross button to cancel the process at any time.

Closing:
1. To close the application the user clicks on the cross button on the main window frame.
2. All data is already saved and will still exist when the app is ran again.
